=pod

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::CopyFilesFromBuild - Copy (or move) specific files after building (for SCM inclusion, etc.)

=head1 VERSION

version 0.103470

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your dist.ini:

    [CopyFilesFromBuild]
    copy = README
    move = README.pod
    copy = Makefile.PL

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin will automatically copy the files that you specify in
dist.ini from the build directory into the distribution directoory.
This is so you can commit them to version control.

If you want to put a build-generated file in version control but you
I<don't> want it to I<remain> in the build dir, use C<move> instead of
C<copy>. When you use C<move>, the F<MANIFEST> file will be updated if
it exists, and the moved files will be pruned from their former
location.

=head1 RATIONALE

This plugin is based on CopyReadmeFromBuild. I wrote it because that
plugin was copying the wrong README file (F<README> instead of
F<README.mkdn> or F<README.pod>), and it could not be configured to do
otherwise. So I wrote my own module that copies exactly the files that
I specify.

I added the C<move> functionality because I wanted to generate a
F<README.pod> file for Github, but MakeMaker wanted to also install
the README.pod file as part of the distribution. So I made it possible
to take a file generated during the build and move it I<out> of the
build directory, so that it would not be included in the distribution.

=for Pod::Coverage after_build mvp_multivalue_args

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to
C<rct+perlbug@thompsonclan.org>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::CopyReadmeFromBuild> - The basis for this module

=back

=head1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

BECAUSE THIS SOFTWARE IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
FOR THE SOFTWARE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN
OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS WITH
YOU. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
REDISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE AS PERMITTED BY THE ABOVE LICENCE, BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.

=head1 INSTALLATION

See perlmodinstall for information and options on installing Perl modules.

=head1 AUTHOR

Ryan C. Thompson <rct@thompsonclan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2010 by Ryan C. Thompson.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

